DOC-2994: Connectivity Section - Transit Gateway branch (#2968)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rs/databases/configure/db-defaults.md

    PUT /v1/cluster/policy 
    { "data_internode_encryption": <boolean> }
    ```

### Shard placement

The default [shard placement policy]({{<relref "/rs/databases/memory-performance/shard-placement-policy">}}) determines the distribution of database shards across nodes in the cluster.

To configure default shard placement, use one of the following methods:

- [rladmin tune cluster]({{<relref "/rs/references/cli-utilities/rladmin/tune#tune-cluster">}}): 
    
    ```sh
    rladmin tune cluster default_shards_placement { dense | sparse }
    ```

- [Update cluster policy]({{<relref "/rs/references/rest-api/requests/cluster/policy#put-cluster-policy">}}) REST API request:

    ```sh
    PUT /v1/cluster/policy 
    { "default_shards_placement": "dense | sparse" }
    ```

### Proxy policies

> Redis Enterprise Software uses [proxies]({{<relref "/rs/references/terminology#proxy">}}) to manage and optimize access to database shards. Each node in the cluster runs a single proxy process, which can be active (receives incoming traffic) or passive (waits for failovers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Redis Enterprise Software uses [proxies]({{<relref "/rs/references/terminology#proxy">}}) to manage and optimize access to database shards. Each node in the cluster runs a single proxy process, which can be active (receiving incoming traffic) or passive (waiting for failovers).
```
